c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.exe.config
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.exe
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.pdb
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.xml
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Form1.resources
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Usuario.resources
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.exe
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.xml
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.pdb
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Administrador.resources
c:\users\pc05lab4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.SECRETARIADO.resources
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.exe.config
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.exe
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.xml
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.pdb
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.exe
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.pdb
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\bin\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.xml
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Administrador.resources
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Resources.resources
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.SECRETARIADO.resources
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO_1.Usuario.resources
C:\Users\PC05LAB4\Desktop\TECNOLOGÍA ERICK LOPEZ GA1\EJERCICIO 1\EJERCICIO 1\obj\Debug\EJERCICIO 1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
